Hi within this lecture we agreed to create our second view.
Are we going to see how we can navigate from our first view to the second view.
And in order to do that I'm going to create my second view first.
So come over here and say new file and choose swift UI view.
And I'm going to name mine details view because we're going to show the details of the selected element
inside of that view.
OK once we do that we get a brand new view and of course we are going to do some design over here a
user interface over here as well showing the image the name and the description of the selected item.
But for right now I'm just going to live it as it is because first we have to understand how we can
navigate from here to other view.
And there are a couple of ways to do that and we're going to see the most common one which is a navigation
link.
So we're going to wrap every element with a navigation link so that when we hit one of them it will
take us to the details view.
So in order to do that I'm going to come over here to my for each and I'm going to write navigation
link.
OK.
Once you do that you can open up parentheses and not like but the link open the parentheses to see the
parameters.
And for some reason it doesn't show up or here.
So let me try it at both so that you can see what it is asking for because it's important to see the
parameter names.
So let me right now ligation link over here and you will see that it will ask us for a destination.
Yep this one and a label.
So we're going to provide the destination as the destination view that we're going to go and for a label
of course we are going to provide what we want to show inside of that navigation link.
So our destination is the details view K so open and close parentheses.
And if you hit enter over here it will create a coding block for you in which you will display the text
actually.
So let me take this from here and cut it and pasted over here and I'm going to take this text inside
of my navigation link.
So it means that I'm wrapping everything around with that navigation link inside of these lists.
Of course not the section names but just the element names.
OK.
So as you can see now it's chosing green.
And if I run this in live mode I cannot even click one of them because we cannot use navigation link
like this in order to use a navigation link.
We have to have a navigation view.
This is like embedding in and navigation controller inside of your view controller in the main storyboard.
So you have a navigation bar you have a navigation controller.
And when you go to another view you will get a free back by them to navigate back.
That's exactly what we are trying to do here.
We are going to have an navigation view before everything else inside of our body and we are going to
use our navigation view.
So let's call this navigation view.
Let's open the parentheses and close it over here.
Now you will see it will push down a little bit because we have our navigation bar right now.
And if we run this now we get to click each of the elements.
So here you go it takes us to the details view less click each of them to see if they work or not.
Here you go.
Now they work.
They take us to the details view and I cannot even click on the section names because I wrapped around
text element that name only.
OK.
And if you come over here to that list you can have a navigation bar.
This one OK navigation bar Title I mean you can go for navigation bar title and in the navigation bar
title you can actually write whatever you want something like favorite book will do the job so that
you will have a title of your own app.
So that's cool.
Now all we have to do is just to figure out how to pass information have to pass the selected model
selected instance to the other view so that we can use its attributes use its properties in order to
display the displayed the name and the description.
Let's do that in the next lecture.